## Wendy
The tool I used was ChatGPT in the browser, without any VSCode extensions. I used it to help with my task of authentication, integrating Firebase and Google OAuth into a login page with the option to continue as guest. ChatGPT was very helpful in generating me code files and telling me where to go in the Firebase developer console and how to structure my authentication files in my repo. I plan to also use it to create both a frontend component that will hook into the authentication and user databases for state saving. To ensure correctness, I took the setup files from ChatGPT and read through them, doing manual debugging and further prompting the AI to explain code sections when necessary.

## Charles
The tool I used was Google Gemini 3 and cursor IDE agent. I used Gemini to help generate a UI revamp prompt for cursor to make our frontend design more sleek and appealing towards users, as well as having it review cursor's changes. I used cursor IDE to direcly change the code live, which was helpful is letting me review and approve of changes as the agent went through the process of generating code. Cursor was able to quickly generate a revamp, but there were many small errors that I had to manually fix. However it is definitely faster to have cursor generate the revamp and make small tweaks myself rather than manually revamping the entire UI myself. I plan on using Gemini to help give me potential pointers and answer questions I may have about the webapp development and using cursor to quickly generate code for strenuous tasks that would otherwise take a lot of time.

## Aavash
The tool I used was the browser version of ChatGPT as well as Copilot agent mode in VScode. ChatGPT was very helpful for debugging the issues with my vercel deployment. I was able to paste in the error message from the debug window and have ChatGPT explain what was breaking the deployment. Most of the time it doesn't solve the error immediately, but I can work with it and get to the root of problem through the process of elimination. It also helped me create the prompting for my LLM so that it is more reliable. Copilot is great for debugging code within VScode and I used it to help resolve errors when I connected the LLM to the backend. Because it is able to type commands into your terminal it is very useful for debugging and package mismatches or outdated modules.

## Whisper
The tool I used was the browser version of ChatGPT as well as the Cursor IDE agent. ChatGPT helped me most in deciding my tech stack and debugging problem with deployment that are not caused by coding issue. For coding part, I used Cursor to write most of the code for me. The UI design was almost completely done through vibe coding, where I just gave prompt and let the agent generate the code. The skeleton of the backend is also done by the agent. I often let the agent start with generating a very basic structure and minimum features 
with modular code, then read, understand, test, and debug the code with the AI. During this step, I would ask the agent to explain code, investigate the source of errors, and provide options for debugging and improvements for me. Then I'll decide what to do and ask the agent to write the code as I instructed. After the initial features are implemented successfully, I would move on to vibe the skeleton for more features, read and debug the new code, and so on so forth.
