I have worked on the LLM that operates in the backend of our app as well as handling the deployment on Vercel. This LLM has been prompted to choose the appropriate API when searching for events based on the filter choices the user has selected. There are multiple APIs for finding events such as Ticketmaster, EventBrite, AllEvents, and an open LLM websearch for local event sites. The different websites host different types of events and by using the LLM router I developed, the app can display events that better suit the user. It does this when the user toggles the "personalize" button and selects the filters they want. I prompted it so that it doesn't return events from just a single API but rather returns a holistic weighted average of events that favor some API calls over the others. Using the filters chosen, size of the event, and other metrics, the LLM works to display events that match the users needs. 

I also worked on the entire Vercel deployment. This included setting up and hosting the frontend and backend servers, ensuring the proper ENV variables are set up, and debugging the issues that occured on the Vercel deployment. There were often times where new features would work on local deployments but not on the production and I had to go through the logs to debug and solve these issues. Vercel didn't allow multiple contributors to the project unless we paid for the premium version so the vast majority of deployment issues were on me to resolve.

I worked on a few bugs that occured when sending information from frontend to backend and with the LLM's connection to the backend. One of them was fixing the filter so that when multiple filters were chosen, all of the selected filters were properly sent to the backend. Originally, even when you checked multiple filters, it would only apply the first filter you selected. This was a key bug I needed to fix as my LLM relied on the filters for the user input. 

PRs: create basic LLM router, connect router to backend, connect router to frontend, incorporate filters into LLM reasoning, add personalize button, fix filter bug
